What is the main goal of Continuous Integration (CI)?To manage project backlogs and track work items.To integrate code changes from all developers into a shared repository frequently, with automated builds and tests.To deploy the application to production after every code commit.To manually test the application before every deployment.Which of the following best describes 'Infrastructure as Code' (IaC)?Managing and provisioning infrastructure using code and automation, rather than manual processes.The practice of using manual scripts to set up servers.A method for writing application logic using configuration files.A way to use virtual machines instead of physical servers.Configuration management tools include:Jenkins and GitHubTerraform and AnsibleVisual Studio and EclipseDocker and KubernetesWhich command stages changes before commit?git commit -mgit addgit branchgit logGit is an example of:Centralized Version Control System (CVCS)Distributed Version Control System (DVCS)Cloud Storage SystemIssue tracking tool---Which network teaming policy is not available on a vSphere Standard Switch?Route based on originating virtual portRoute based on IP hashRoute based on MAC hashUse explicit failover orderWhat is the purpose of Storage I/O Control (SIOC)?To manage vMotion traffic.To prioritize and limit I/O resources on a datastore for VMs.To configure raw device mapping.To clone virtual disks.Which type of disk provisioning allocates all the disk space immediately, including clearing data with zeros?Thin ProvisionThick Provision Eager ZeroedThick Provision Lazy ZeroedRDMWhat is the minimum number of ESXi hosts required to form a vSphere cluster?1234The default administrative interface for vCenter Server is accessed via:Command LineWeb Browser (vSphere Client)SSHRDPWhat is the standard virtual machine file format?OVAISOVMXOVFWhat is a Raw Device Mapping (RDM) used for?Mapping a physical DVD drive to a VM.Mapping a VM's NIC to a physical NIC.Providing a VM with direct access to a LUN on a storage array.Mapping a physical CPU to a VM.The virtual network interface card (vNIC) within a virtual machine connects to what component on the ESXi host?A physical NICThe VMKernelA Port Group on a Virtual SwitchThe DatastoreIn vSphere, what does NUMA (Non-Uniform Memory Access) awareness optimize?Disk I/O speedCPU and Memory localityNetwork latencyGraphics processingWhich protocol is used by vMotion for transferring a running VM's memory and state?HTTPSNFSTCP/IPFibre ChannelWhich network teaming policy is not available on a vSphere Standard Switch?Route based on originating virtual portRoute based on IP hashRoute based on MAC hashUse explicit failover orderWhat is the benefit of using vSphere Lifecycle Manager (vLCM)?Live migration of VMs.Centralized patching and configuration management for ESXi clusters.Automatic load balancing.Creating virtual networks.How does vSphere HA determine if a host has failed and needs to failover its VMs?PING test only.By checking the vCenter database only.By network and datastore heartbeats.By checking the local host log filesWhich DRS automation level allows vSphere to make initial placement recommendations but requires manual confirmation for migrations?Fully AutomatedPartially AutomatedManualMigration-OnlyIn a vSphere environment, what is a Port Group?A collection of physical network adapters.A logical boundary for vMotion traffic.A way to aggregate multiple virtual ports and apply common policies.A physical port on the ESXi server.What is the main goal of Continuous Integration (CI)?To manage project backlogs and track work items.To integrate code changes from all developers into a shared repository frequently, with automated builds and tests.To deploy the application to production after every code commit.To manually test the application before every deployment.Which of the following best describes 'Infrastructure as Code' (IaC)?Managing and provisioning infrastructure using code and automation, rather than manual processes.The practice of using manual scripts to set up servers.A method for writing application logic using configuration files.A way to use virtual machines instead of physical servers.Which of the following best describes 'Infrastructure as Code' (IaC)?Managing and provisioning infrastructure using code and automation, rather than manual processes.The practice of using manual scripts to set up servers.A method for writing application logic using configuration files.A way to use virtual machines instead of physical servers.Configuration management tools include:Jenkins and GitHubTerraform and AnsibleVisual Studio and EclipseDocker and KubernetesWhich command stages changes before commit?git commit -mgit addgit branchgit logGit is an example of:Centralized Version Control System (CVCS)Distributed Version Control System (DVCS)Cloud Storage SystemIssue tracking toolGitHub, GitLab, and Bitbucket are examples of:Git clientsRemote repository hosting servicesConfiguration management toolsContinuous monitoring toolsWhich is NOT a true about Container?Containers uses Host OSContainer uses Container EngineContainer is lighter and fasterEach Container requires separate OSWhich command builds a Docker image?docker rundocker image builddocker builddocker createWhich file format is used in Ansible Playbooks?JSONXMLYAMLINIIn Ansible, managed machines are called:MastersNodes/HostsControllersAgents